This course consists of four lessons that
together cover data science and its business case,
as well as the processes, people,
and platforms necessary to execute data science initiatives for the business.
Businesses often suspect that they want
data science capabilities and may even sense a need for data science capabilities,
but many are not sure where to start.
What is data science?
Who is a data scientist?
What is possible through data science?
All these questions are addressed in the principles of data science lesson,
which provides a broad introduction to data science and what it can do for a business.
Creating a data science strategy is not a stand-alone activity,
it must be driven by your overarching business operations and strategy.
Therefore, a critical starting point for any data strategy is articulation of
a business' strategic objectives in
identification of opportunities for data science-based transformation.
These are the topics of the business case for data science lesson.
The human capital component of data science is
critical to delivering on a data science strategy.
Who do we recruit, hire,
and train for our data science organization?
How is that organization structured in order to deliver value to our business?
How do our data scientists carry out their work in a structured manner?
How do we leverage data and data science
to foster a data-driven culture throughout the business?
These questions are addressed in the human capital for data science lesson.
Finally, executing the data science strategy requires technology.
Technology for data and technology for machine learning.
Technology needs are specific to each business.
They depend on the types of data to be leveraged for data science,
the form and magnitude of that data,
the types of data science models that a business plans to create,
and the overall scale of operations represented by those data science models.
The technical infrastructure lesson covers in
great detail the parameters that must be considered,
both in creating a data and data architecture strategy and in
building a machine learning architecture to support data science initiatives.